feat: add IgnoreFirstSampleInterval configuration for streamaggr (#7313)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/operator/api.md

| `staleness_interval` | Staleness interval is interval after which the series state will be reset if no samples have been sent during it.<br />The parameter is only relevant for outputs: total, total_prometheus, increase, increase_prometheus and histogram_bucket. | _string_ | false |

> | `ignore_first_sample_interval` | IgnoreFirstSampleInterval specifies the interval after which the agent begins sending samples.<br />By default, it is set to the staleness interval, and it helps reduce the initial sample load after an agent restart.<br />This parameter is relevant only for the following outputs: total, total_prometheus, increase, increase_prometheus, and histogram_bucket. We recommend setting it to 0s unless you want to prevent spikes in case job push metrics during vmagent restart and you can see spikes in increase/delta resulting in wrong view. | _string_ | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignore_first_sample_interval` | IgnoreFirstSampleInterval specifies the interval after which the agent begins sending samples.<br />By default, it is set to the `staleness_interval`. It helps reducing the initial sample load after the agent restart.<br />This parameter is relevant only for the following outputs: total, total_prometheus, increase, increase_prometheus, and histogram_bucket. We recommend setting it to 0s unless you observe unexpected spikes in produced values. | _string_ | false |
```

| `staleness_interval` | Staleness interval is interval after which the series state will be reset if no samples have been sent during it.<br />The parameter is only relevant for outputs: total, total_prometheus, increase, increase_prometheus and histogram_bucket. | _string_ | false |

> | `ignore_first_sample_interval` | IgnoreFirstSampleInterval specifies the interval after which the agent begins sending samples.<br />By default, it is set to the `staleness_interval`. It helps reducing the initial sample load after the agent restart.<br />This parameter is relevant only for the following outputs: total, total_prometheus, increase, increase_prometheus, and histogram_bucket. We recommend setting it to 0s unless you observe unexpected spikes in produced values. | _string_ | false |

Reviewer: @AndrewChubatiuk should this change be ported to operator repo and helm charts?
